Add arch doc (#179)
mlabs-haskell/hydra-auction: doc/code_architecture.md

No PAB is used here, we use Cardano-Api with custom helpers
for transaction construction. On-chain scripts are written
in pure Plutus.

Utilities:

* `HydraAuction.Plutus.Extras` - extension of `PlutusExtra` package,
   which contains reimpelementation for important `plutus-ledger` stuff
* `HydraAuction.Plutus.Orphans` - orphans for Plutus stuff.
* `HydraAuction.Fixture` bunch of known actors (== Cardano keys) to use.
   Hydra does have one too, but it only have 3 general-use actors.

Library code:

> * `HydraAuction.Types` domain types used by scripts.
>    haskell-language-server-wrapperAnd our `Natural` implementation, lol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `HydraAuction.Types` domain types used by scripts as well as  our own `Natural`
   implementation, because we cannot add the dependency on `plutus-apps` that 
   `plutus-numeric` would require. 
```

Author: ```suggestion
* `HydraAuction.Types` domain types used by scripts
   as well as  our own `Natural` implementation,
   because we cannot add the dependency on `plutus-apps`
   that `plutus-numeric` would require. 
```

* `HydraAuction.Addresses` - newtypes over our script addresses
* `HydraAuction.(Tx|Onchain).Common` contains both common domain code

>    and utilities we use (to be fixed),

Reviewer 2: What do you mean with `to be fixed`?

Author: That we want to separate them by modules in #178

   for `Tx.*` or `OnChain.*` respectfully.
   All other submodules are grouped by on-chain script.
* `HydraAuction.Onchain.*` is for on-chain scripts implementation.
    * `HydraAuction.OnChain` itself contains their compilation,
       and defunctionalization - `scriptValidatorForTerms`.
* `HydraAuction.Tx.*` is for transaction construction

>     * `HydraAuction.Runner` is monad in which they do work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `HydraAuction.Runner` defines the Runner monad, which we use to interact with the Cardano-node
```

Exec code:

* `CLI.Actions` contains REPL actions
* `CLI.Config` contains work with dynamic and static config,
   which are JSON files parametrised by auction name.

>     * Static config should be written before starting to wor

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Static config should be written before starting to work
```

     with auction.
    * Dynamic config is created by our REPL, when user does
      `announce-auction` REPL action.

>     * They together do determine `AuctionTerms` which

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Together, they determine `AuctionTerms` which fully define an auction
```
